Coursework by Mateusz Kowalczyk (mk440) for CM20219.

To create the Makefile, run ‘qmake’. Then ‘make’ to compile and
‘./qtgl1’ to run.


I believe that I covered every aspect of specification except the 1
mark requirement that would allow the user to change properties of the
objects such as colour.

The user is able to create arbitrary polygons. Drag and drop works
(with small quirks for convex polygons where selection of the object
might be a bit off – OpenGL doesn't support these anyway but I don't
check for it) for all objects. I do no input validation for polygon
creation. The format is pair of integers separated by a space. Pairs
are separated by a semicolon. For example a square might be:
0 0; 0 50; 50 50; 50 0;

The integers represent co-ordinates, with the origin being in the
lower left corner.

Expect a segfault if the syntax is wrong. Polygons rendered off-screen
are allowed. 1 or 2 sided ‘polygons’ also are allowed but of course
won't be visible and the behaviour is undefined.

You can create squares and circles using the provided spinners to set
side lenght/radius. They spawn in the middle of current canvas.

Matrix stack is implemented, for each object separately. You can add
arbitrary amount of matrices. I provide the identity matrix already on
the stack for format illustration purposes but it can be freely
removed. I do no input validation for these matrices. A segfault is
very likely if the format isn't correct here. The format are a triple
of 3 floats separated by a space each, with each row separated by a
semi-colon. So the identity matrix

1 0 0
0 1 0
0 0 1

should be input as
1 0 0; 0 1 0; 0 0 1;

You need to select a shape first: you can't do transformations on the
whole scene. The add button adds the matrix to the top of the stack.
The delete button pops it off. There's no way to re-orderer matrices
but to delete and then re-add them in desired order. There's no way to
delete a matrix that's not at the top of the stack (bottom of the list).

You're almost guaranteed a segfault if this isn't correct.

I provide some sample values in all text fields to provide formatting
advice and easy way to just try it out.